hi my name is unique and co-owner of
unique um option with my other half Dion
I wanted to touch bases with you guys a
little bit about our business and the
kind of people were looking forward
trying to help
basically we've all been there and I
think in the tight spot having a hard
time with life having a hard time with
bills and honestly the economy and
everything else is really making it hard
so I wanted to give you a little bit of
an insight of what we do what we're
about
I personally just like Dion we've been
through a hard time where you're trying
to make ends meet trying to stash money
away trying to communicate with a bank
and they won't listen to you and it's
really hard when you have a family when
you're by yourself whatever the
situation is to be able to communicate
with bangs that won't listen to you
bill collectors that will listen to you
anything like that
and then when your mortgage is in
trouble and you're not able to pay for
that other banks won't even look at you
your creditors will get you nobody so
it's kind of hard seeing a couple like
say we have options for you who are able
to help you it takes a little strategy
different approach to things but we can
really help you out it's hard for people
to trust that I just wanted to
communicate that with you that there's
always an option out there they always
help out there and just let us know say
if you need help give us a call
look up at a website look at our video
our blog anything else just give us a
call thanks
you